Create a doc outlining ownership rules for the ComInterfaceGenerator (#88203)
dotnet/runtime: docs/design/libraries/ComInterfaceGenerator/ParameterOwnershipAndLifetimes.md

> # Ownership and Lifetimes of parameters

Reviewer: The content here is good. Perhaps there is a more effective way to organize/represent it. Have you considered the pivot being the type and then have examples (both C# and C/C++) for each. Below is a sketch, but not the type not the indirection is the primary pivot. Then below it are the ways to pass the type with an example in C# and the same signature in C/C++/IDL. This let's users easily determine the type they are using and then find an example on how it is being used.

```
## Primitives

### By Value

### By Reference

C# - void Method(ref int a);
COM - HRESULT Method(int* a);

## Array

### By Value - Blittable

C# - void Method(int[] a);
COM - HRESULT Method(int* a);

```

## Motivation
The ComInterfaceGenerator generates both CCW and RCW, and the generated methods on each could fail at many points in the generated stubs. It is important to make sure these failures do not leak memory or lead to double frees.
This document outlines the lifetimes and ownerships of the parameters as they are passed from managed stubs to COM and vice versa.

## Characteristics

The transfer of ownership depends on the following characteristics of the parameter types

Indirection level

> - ByValue: A value that is not indirected (e.g. `int`, `float`, blittable types in C#)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ByValue: A value that is not indirected (for example, `int`, `float`, blittable types in C#)
```

The Microsoft style guides advise against the ["e.g."](https://learn.microsoft.com/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/e/eg) and ["i.e." ](https://learn.microsoft.com/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/i/ie)abbreviations.

This should be done throughout the doc.

> - Single Indirection: A reference to a value (e.g. pointers / `int*`, reference types in C#)

Reviewer: Also `ref` to value types.

# Ownership and Lifetimes of parameters

The ComInterfaceGenerator generates both CCW and RCW methods, each of which could fail at many points in the generated stubs. It is important to make sure these failures do not leak memory or lead to double frees.
This document outlines the lifetimes and ownerships of the parameters as they are passed from managed stubs to COM and vice versa.

## Categories

The transfer of ownership depends on the following
- Indirection level and (native) parameter type [Blittable / ByValue, Single Pointer / NonBlittable, Double Pointer / Array of Blittable Elements, Array of Pointers (including arrays of arrays), Pointer to Array of Pointers]
- Ownership Semantics ['in', 'out', 'ref']

## Modifying parameters

> The `in` RefKind adds an indirection level to the managed parameter type and means the parameter has 'in' ownership semantics

Author: I reworded `in`, `out`, and `ref` to Immutable, Requires Mutation, and Mutable

This means `[OutAttribute] ClassType paramName` has equivalent ownership rules to `out StructType paramName`.

Elements of the arrays will have ownership rules are as if they are Indirected. For example, elements of `[OutAttribute] ClassX[] arrayParamName` will have the same ownership rules as `out ClassX paramName`.

## Default Ownership semantics

All unmodified non-array parameters have 'in' ownership semantics by default.
Array types by default have 'ref' ownership semantics by default.

## Note on Arrays

Arrays have both the memory allocated for the array and (for arrays of non-blittable types) memory allocated for each element. These memory blocks may follow different ownership rules.

## In parameters

All parameters with 'in' ownership semantics are owned by the caller.

## Blittable

All blittable parameters do not have allocated memory associated with them and do not need to worry about ownership.

## Pointer / NonBlittable

All parameters with Pointer indirection level are owned by the caller.

### Array of blittable elements

An array of blittable elements is analogous to a pointer to a class and follows the same rules (owned by the caller).

## Double Pointer

> Double pointers (e.g. `**StructType paramName`) may transfer ownership. As above, 'in' ownership is owned by the caller.

Author: Oops, it's been too long since I wrote native code by hand. This should be `StructType** paramName`.

### Out

> 'Out' ownership semantics means the callee is expected to allocate a value and modify the singly indirected pointer (`*paramName`) to point to the new value. The owner of this new memory is the callee up until the callee returns a non-failing HResult. At this point the ownership transfers to the caller. If the callee returns a failure HResult, it should clean up the allocated memory. The value originally pointed to by `*paramName` is always owned by the caller.

Author: Since we are generating COM callees, I think it would be okay to describe what it "should do", but I've changed most of the wording to use "expected"
